everybody welcome Aaron lamboy so
anyways is the right side of the right
one okay welcome at dinner on the land
place inviting ones gather applause I'm
not sweating where we're at in terms of
uh you know post-it notes I'm just doing
things I know need to be done eight 9 j7
k t6e not taking a structured approach
necessarily yeah except that we got a
luck upgrade instead of an okay orbital
probably not worth it but it might be
close to being worth it depending on you
know what one luck upgrade actually
means for us but I'm not going to
belabor the point with the you know a
discussion of the analytical breakdown
especially because I brought a graph
here let me pull it up for you give me a
moment here I'm just joking I just like
that I can one tap to the overlay on a
moment's notice here how's it going I'm
recording this rate after the last
episode so I'm plumb out of grocery
store analogies and and anecdotes not
analogies I do have grocery store
analogies for example when you go to the
grocery store how do you explore the
grocery store hmm we should open that
not necessarily worth it but probably
not not worth it I am a round the
outside grocery store man and then I hit
the interior aisles as necessary when I
grew up you know I hope I'm not outing
my parents by saying this but it's
pretty embarrassing my parents were all
aisle people so you start in the produce
section you know fresh fruits and
vegetables it's Pradas see I nipped in
the bud there now you don't know what to
say and then you go through all the
aisles 1 by 1 cm what you need and then
you come out in the frozen food section
you grab what you get and then you go up
to the front and you pay now it isn't
like it was a decision that was made to
just you know be because people say you
know if you shop around the grocery
store rather than through the grocery
store it's healthier because you're
getting you know mostly just fresh
fruits and vegetables the meat usually
the meat section is around the edges and
you know there you go you got a balanced
diet their fruits vegetables and meats
--is but it's really just cuz I don't
venture into the aisles too often I know
what I want okay ah we blew it we did
not blow it oh my lord I can't believe
we didn't get hit there now we've been
given a golden gift it's our job not to
squander it we'll try to go in there as
well to give a chance um I don't know
how we made that dodge that's like a top
50 NL dodge in in Isaac and I'm not even
being sarcastic here but I just say I
basically have like the same grocery
list every time I go to the grocery
store first off we do get this like meal
delivery service I should have gotten
the two bombs first but we do get this
meal delivery service so like half of
our dinners per week are handled but
then apart from that it's a very easy
process Kate wants like one week of meal
replacement drinks that's her breakfast
sorted I get one box of cereal that's my
breakfast sorted problem solved loaf of
bread that goes bad as far into the
future as possible enough lunch meat to
make you know four or five sandwiches if
I need granola bars or buy granola bars
get like five of a fruit of my choice
and then I'm out usually get that gets
the job done well no we usually get like
some spring mix you know like some spin
interest and kale you know lettuce
something like that to throw in as well
usually that gets the job done and it's
an easy grocery trip you know oh
sometimes little apple juice as well but
that's not at my best but I will drink
it if it's there could go to the curse
room right away we're not going to go
for like I don't understand the concept
of a grocery list I've aged out of the
concept of a grocery list it's almost
impossible to get me to try a new food
at the grocery store
it might sound boring but you know we
get enough variety from the blue apron
style stuff that it ticket ends up
working out just fine most of the time
50 cent has got to be
the best rapper of all time for one but
also a good opportunity for us to get
that second level of shop upgrade sadly
that did not happen but that's fine I
see it happening all that like actually
I would lie die did have another grocery
store anecdote is exactly the same as
the deli counter except it was in the
salsa section you know world's foods as
we call it I was there and I was like I
know what salts I want can I get the
salsa and then there was a lady in front
of me she picked up like four different
containers of salsa and she was doing a
rigorous comparative analysis of them
and I had to sort of like sidle my way
in there and grab one in a way I'm not
begrudging her at all I'm actually not
envious necessarily but a little envious
because she's about to discover a new
salsa and that's a magical moment in
anybody's life I'm going to take bows
but only because we are going to need to
take one of those items at some point
anyway and then I you know it's
available whether or not that was the
right decision but I'm going to do it
anyway and we have another spirit heart
for sale in here so I'm going to grab
the sphere at our go to the cursive and
then bounce there's nothing like
discovering a new snack food I've
recently I discovered a new salsa I
guess I am a hypocrite but there's a
Mexican food of Vancouver's it does
always get the job done there's a couple
of great places everyone loves Sally
limo on a set of French for some reason
French Lee but on King's way everyone's
a big fan of that for good reason but
not they're all kind of like you know
Canadian tex-mex are you going to get
out of bed for Canadian tex-mex maybe
maybe not but there's a company called
freshest best that makes tortilla chips
and salsa and they're all delicious they
knock it out of the park so if you
happen to find yourself in Vancouver oh
no I would recommend I mean if you're
here is like you're staying in a hotel
don't go to the grocery store buy salsa
because someone on the internet told you
to you weirdo I'm just looking out for
you but you know if you get the chance
to pick it up I would recommend it
personally we go baby I'm not against
old El Paso or you know paste etc etc
but when you go from the
fresh salsa to the like jarred salsa
it's really the jarred salsa just tastes
like you're eating thick you know strong
tomato ketchup not my favorite thing but
still I'll take it over no salsa at all
he was established I could eat salsa as
if it were a despacho and be a happy man
okay they're excited and I am shouldn't
call it and I'm excited bill they should
call it I'm mad cuz I'm not excited
they're excited I'm just angry about the
situation that has presented itself we
could die on this one I mean I can't
complain about dying on this one because
it really would be predominantly my own
fault I gave away an HP upgrade now in a
way it sort of worked out as we got
damage out of it oh my god I'm excited
dude I'm excited as to it lasts too long
there's still not normal speed dude and
they never will be again apparently
Jesus Christ oh my lord no more I bets
they're still excited I'm not I'm only
mad because I think that this is a
mistake like I actually think that maybe
somebody just left the wrong number in
the code you know they it was supposed
to be zero point two but they made it 20
instead or something like that I'm gonna
die probably possibly no okay we're back
somehow I'm excited you know actual
candidate for most annoying pill in the
game by the way I know we've got mr.
boom boom boom I want you in my room
back there but I'm not sure if I want to
go back for that I don't know if I want
to have mr. boom on the payroll right
now I know we can suck it up I guess I
didn't make that clear enough but how
tanky is this guy's a too tanky is the
correct answer
oh my god that's the end of that grocery
store anecdote for real this time we
could get booger tears or the nose
Goblin whatever the you know industry
term is here no we can't actually
disregard I'm really unhappy that we
were unable to get a spirit heart that
was so good even though we took a hit
there you got to give it up because that
could have gone way worse it was handled
properly we have not seen an item room
yet that's not going to be a secret room
this could be a secret room I hate this
because the run is good it's just low on
HP would have really liked to have had
that second read hard right now but I
mean who could you blame but yourself
right Bighorn so we could try to use a
bomb against Bighorn if we landed he's
going down
I don't understand he doesn't give you a
telegraph or open his mouth you know
also it doesn't make sense to me from
game design standpoint when he opens his
mouth he's pushing air out how is a bomb
getting in there if anything is
outrageous diaphragm which allows them
to propel bombs out of it at alarming
pace should prevent a bomb from coming
into it unless it was thrown at like an
escape velocity appropriate to the
situation you know what I mean probably
not a little mad mad about this one
shouldn't be because I did it to myself
but he also threw bombs in such a way as
to present like the most impossible
array to avoid of all time so you know
Congrats you got me amazing
you got it once you play enough of the
game you got to learn to handle losses
appropriately or it can lead to some bad
situations like I I think on an
emotional level my brain thinks that
it's actually owed a win every time I
play Isaac I'm just going to be straight
with you though I don't think that we
played badly on that run I think we
played totally fine did we take hits
yeah we took some hits
we took some it's on rooms that you
would expect a good player to sometimes
take hits on but re-rolling the HP and
taking literally every deal with the
devil is actually what killed us so it's
kind of like beside the point
okay okay okay is the poly on going to
be the new Judas for me I can't you know
buy a win with apollyon to save my life
I don't think so I like apollyon I
understand apollyon to some extent
why didn't every role little monstro
into a stat upgrade then cuz little
monstro was lovely it's a fantastic item
you can't say no to this little Slugger
he's amazing at what he does he does a
lot of damage also great for
extinguishing fires blowing up poops I
don't like the the tear height on the
shots but I mean can't always get what
you want right
so we should be fine moving forward here
I mean I'm mostly just disappointed that
I died because it's going to cost me ten
minutes and I don't know if the salsa
analogy is really enough to carry those
first ten minutes apart from the
gameplay itself so who knows ideally be
an interesting conversation to have
what was your school lunch like as a
child and I'm not talking about like
your cafeteria lunch I'm talking about
your brown bags you know what you take
when your mom was making it for you I
don't I don't not understand your own
dietary preferences I'm interested in
knowing what the average like
eleven-year-old eats where you're from
and then the difference is that we can
tease out between it because I can tell
you straight up I remember it like it's
yesterday you know you open up your
brown bag when you got in there usually
white bread sandwich with a kind of meat
on it and my mom does this I did not
inherit it from her because I do not do
this myself
usually let's say it's like a ham and
cheese sandwich she would butter the
bread and then put the ham and cheese on
so the meat sandwiches were buttered
it's not an uncommon thing but when I
talk to people roughly my age about it
they go oh yeah my mom did that too and
it's freaking weird and mom I love you
but it is I don't know because she
probably inherited it from her parents
who you know grew up in the 1950s where
they were just like why not
butters delicious put it on everything
you know the Paula Deen aged making
questionable decisions and you know
facing off in the cold war against the
Soviet Union
either way those are the two defining
characteristics in the 1950s is cold war
hysteria and buttered meat sandwiches
then that's like the piece de resistance
obviously uh I like it when you talk
French to me NL secret route it is a
secret room I want the nine bolt and
we're going to get the nine ball well my
baby wants my baby gets and grab this as
well
usually when I was younger when I was in
like middle school elementary school my
the first snack you know usually a like
a snack lunch and then a snack
throughout the day one in the afternoon
one in the morning so first snack was
usually a container of fruit snacks and
when I got older it was like an apple or
like some cheese you know relatively
wholesome so usually fruit snacks I
don't know I don't understand fruit
snacks as an adult but when your kid
wants fruit snacks I guess you get them
fruit snacks is that the deal I've never
purchased them as an adult I do think
fruit snacks are a food for children but
I don't want to go down that without
having people who have dissenting
opinions because this is free for us
basically otherwise it seems like I'm
punching down at fruit snacks and that's
not my intention this time we're going
to learn our lesson and take our HP even
though we have nine lives
then afternoon snack usually is like
trying to think at this point it depends
like sometimes you get like some carrot
sticks kids need like apparently like 12
calories a day to survive an apple a
small sandwich and some carrot sticks
that's all you need and then for juice
it would be like or for a drink I should
say it usually be like a juice box like
a 120 milliliter thing of grape juice
but sometimes you get those high tier
lunches like if you guys had Fried
Chicken the night before and they were
leftovers you get like a cold piece of
fried chicken in your lunch and you eat
it so good sometimes you know mom went
to the grocery store and she bought
Lunchables and you're like oh my god
pizza Lunchables I'm going to be asked
I didn't kill us I'm going to be the
envy of all my friends
thanks to Kanye's new workout plan on
the envy of all my friends now the pizza
Lunchables at the at the time up to a
certain age we're definitely atop to
your lunch now I would rather have the
buttered meat sandwich I think but for a
while it was that was like oh look who's
mom actually loves him a buttered meat
sandwich you know why we didn't die we
had the spirit heart totally forgot
and then like when we went to I mean
Michael al Fox can tell you all about
this we had a bad cafeteria in high
school no disrespect to the people
running it you know you're talking about
a high school with 300 people we didn't
get a lot of like economies of scale we
had like weird microwaved hamburgers
weird microwave cheeseburgers and then
Fridays were fish and chips today it
wasn't too too bad Tuesday's were this
weird thing cuz and it's apparently a
Canadian thing Mexican fries it's
basically all the nacho ingredients you
could imagine
poured on top of french fries we have it
at Taco Bell up here as well is it weird
I suppose so yeah fairly delicious
though I mean dude
Steven two runs in a row it's a blessed
run or is it a curse run we're about to
find out I don't know definitely like I
hope this is different in today's
generation but probably like one third
of my high school class ate french fries
at any given lunchtime and I'm not
talking about like they had you know a
salad and french fries I'm saying like
what did you have for lunch today I ate
french fries dude this is like a revenge
film it's our Empire Strikes Back which
implies that we're the evil empire here
but I'll accept that we're much more
well prepared this time and I've once a
week I was with them you know get some
cafeteria poutine shouldn't be legal
maybe should be legal I don't know it's
one of those things I flip-flop back and
forth with many times in my life when I
was like 17 years old I was like soda
should be illegal and now that I'm 28
I'm a little bit more moderate you know
you many people and I say everybody many
people tend to mellow out with age like
soda is just a drug that controls you
mind it makes you you know overweight
and diabetic now I'm like soda is kind
of delicious so I think people should be
able to make their own decisions we run
into this on the on the NL SS all the
time
because austin eats a delivery flash
takeout fairly frequently and we
oftentimes talk about fast food will be
I go what are your fast food ranking so
I like Wendy's more than McDonald's
you're crazy you know that's the NL SS
brand in a nutshell help how did I get
into this great big bloody nutshell etc
etc and there's always like some people
in chat they go you know lull America
how can you eat that food that is not
said ray I only eat that to French
Laundry with chef Heston Blumenthal you
know congratulations apparently you ever
eat fast food apparently you're an idiot
according to some people in twitch chat
but that's why I take issue with that
because I I have to listen to these
people who are you know supporting me
and thank you very much for the support
I received it graciously at the same
time they remind me a little bit of
myself when I was a more militant as a
teenager and I'm like ah you know what I
you know you got it people need their
own level of responsibility to things I
think because wait what do you when do
you stop outlawing anything is bad for
you I guess nothing you should now love
things that are bad for you like I
understand the idea of having like
prohibitive taxes on things like alcohol
cigarettes you know etc etc but at some
point if you're gonna be like you know
beefs illegal then you well maybe beeps
not bad reviews nd you know fried foods
are illegal and you're like oh well when
they came for the cigarettes I said
nothing and then they came for the KFC
and you know Here I am losing my
two-piece I don't know basically but I
do wonder sometimes because like maybe
McDonald's is actually I don't need
McDonald's super frequently oh my god we
do have wait what but every now and then
I get like a mentally hypnotic craving
for chicken nuggets sincerely I'm like I
can't focus unless I have chicken
nuggets right now and I wonder if that's
just because I ate them as a child you
know dan and I talked about this in a
hearthstone episode weirdly enough but
when I was a kid you know there was that
like Bukit program from Pizza Hut he's
like if
read books you'd earn points that you
could use those points to get free
personal pan pizzas so I always had this
association with Pizza Hut where now as
an adult I'm like Pizza Hut I don't I
recognize that it's maybe not that good
but it's the greatest food in the world
to me even if they do spray grease on
the on the pizza to make it shiny I
think it's because as a child we've
associated it with you know a job well
done with like Oh mom and dad have taken
me to Pizza Hut because I did so good in
the Bukit program this month it's
insidious you know and those decisions
not decisions those patterns can hold
true in adulthood as well so I wonder
like what happens if you raise a child
to eat healthy and then you know when
they get older you go hey we're going to
go to McDonald's and they go oh mom I
can't get any good salads at McDonald's
you think that would happen or would you
just raise a child that's really boring
because for some reason we equate eating
bad food with being more entertaining I
don't know I don't know it's just it's
interesting to think about like I think
there's two kinds of people in the well
there's many kinds of people in the
world I think there are more than two
kinds of people in the world but there
are two kinds of people that are like
this one is Morgan Spurlock from Super
Size Me and the other one is the guy
that Morgan Spurlock interviews who eats
a quarter pounder with cheese every day
and that's it or a big mac every day
Morgan Spurlock's like I'm going to
investigate all the dietary effects of
eating a McDonald's and see the effects
it has and oh you know I've gained
weight and you know my peepee doesn't
work as well as they used to and my
moods fluctuating and then there's this
other guy who's like I just eat like one
Big Mac a day and nothing else and I
have the greatest life of all time at
some point in your life you have to
decide who are you going to be are you
going to be Morgan Spurlock are you
going to be Big Mac guy I think I've
grandfathered myself in the Morgan
Spurlock dumb but I am an vyas of the
Big Mac guys
I wish I had I mean it's very
self-serving to say I wish I could just
turn my brain off and enjoy but no I
because they think I think they've got
it figured out that dude at some point
in his life
unless he's suffering from like a mental
illness to something in which case you
know then this takes on some troubling
connotations perhaps but you know it'd
be he was 16 he said I love two things
screwin and even Big Macs I don't know
why he had to love screwing as well it
just made for a better quote I don't
know maybe he hates screwing of two
things screw in an eating Big Macs and
if I can do both of them once a day for
the rest of my life I'm gonna be a happy
man and he's in my headcanon he's
pursued that and if that isn't the
American dream I don't know what is so
hats off to you Big Mac man I was
thinking about this the other day as
well it was actually a week ago almost
to the minute because I know okay now
we're going to see a movie last week at
around this time we were at a restaurant
and on there at the restaurant they had
ESPN on and they were showing up Joey
Chestnut
winning the July 4th hot dog eating
contest
you know those every year at Coney
Island they do that Nathan's Famous hot
dog eating contest and Joey Chestnut
eats like 90 hot dogs and wins a free
t-shirt or something and the
commentators were like laughing about
you can tell it was a nice restaurant
because they had ESPN on the TV with the
sound on but the commentators were
laughing about it they're like yeah you
know he might be considered one of the
greatest athletes of all time you know
who real funny Bob that's all why not is
competitive eating of ridiculous sport
yeah like it's super ridiculous right
but is it any more ridiculous than
taking a metal rod and smacking a little
ball and trying to get it into a hole
half a kilometer away is it any more
ridiculous than you know taking a
circular piece of plastic and throwing
it around with the
of American football you know the type
of frisbee in that case but all sports
are inherently like a little ridiculous
aren't they they're all like an
incredibly arbitrary rule set that you
know who is the best at shooting a you
know 12 inch circumference rubber
basketball through a hoop almost exactly
the same size of the basketball from
increasing distances away like it's it's
not like that dude
he's getting paid like it 80 million
dollars over the course of his contract
to be really good at like shooting a
rubber sphere into a hoop what does that
mean to them oh oh that's meant to
replicate like how good of a hunter you
would have been on this that's to
demonstrate the brains capability at
recognizing Pat and all it's just
basketball not crabbing on basketballs
the same is hockey
hey strap these like weird shoes to your
ground you know go smack around this
vulcanized rubber thing try to get it
past a dude who's allowed to wear
different equipment than you because
otherwise the game wouldn't work
properly you'd be scoring 12 goals a
period against teams other than the
Colorado Avalanche sick okay let's head
down here but the kids so I'm just
saying you know what it took me a while
to warm up to it but kudos to you Joey
Chestnut why wouldn't you be one of the
best athletes of all time just because
it's a sport that is not necessarily
mainstream level popular like it's not
like it's any less merit than like you
know pool or something like that
billiards and again don't I insulted the
sport that I like the most in this topic
of conversation I'm just saying it's all
the same thing which we as a society
decide which sports are like fun to
watch it's like ping-pong fun to watch
bullet ball sorry buddy not that fun to
watch men's volleyball not fun to watch
women's volleyball fun to watch
what were those bone animations dude I
cannot get a deal with the devil for the
life of me here luckily our stats are
like really good regardless but there's
like three levels of sports
there's mainstream as well it's like
regionally positive for level sports
it's like mainstream level worldwide
popularity soccer soccer is popular
worldwide yes
even in America soccer is popular there
are probably countries where soccer is
not that popular but those are the
exception rather than the rule yes even
in Canada soccer is popular is it as
popular as hockey Major League Baseball
no of course not because we on a global
level we stink at it oh you know it's
more with the sports Canadians would
rather watch because there's like a
chance that we might do okay although we
did beat French Guiana in the CONCACAF
championship recently I don't vote do we
I don't think we need to pick it up at
least but then their sports and I would
even say like NFL football is popular
not necessarily the world over but the
Super Bowl at least is watched the world
over so to some extent so I was throwing
about football I'm probably like
baseball up there this it not
necessarily Major League Baseball but
you know some form of baseball is
popular in a lot of different places
worldwide Lisa was in Korea and Japan
but anyway and Canada the United States
and then like all those countries that
always beat us in the World Baseball
Classic and you go really but anyway
then there's sports that are like
regionally popular like you know ice
hockey is sort of regionally popular
it's watched a lot of places but not
everywhere certainly like not well
represented on every time same would go
for like cricket a couple of places a
few places really love it not everybody
rugby maybe I don't know it's probably
in there then there's sports that are
like only popular during the Olympics
those are some of my favorites for
example the biathlon I'm going to take
this because we're probably going to
I anyway and if we don't bonus but if we
do that's fine you know most forms of
downhill skiing I'm not insulting
probably there's probably like so many
people for whom they're like I've
dedicated my life to this sport and now
you're crapping on it look if you
dedicated your life to the biathlon I'm
sorry
nobody outside of like Finland is
watching that on mass unless it's in the
Olympics in their country stands a
chance I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad
news you should have known this
shouldn't be a surprise it's the market
research you do before you enter the
business ok curling to some extent
regionally popular in parts of the world
including Canada but mostly I think of
an Olympic sport the vast majority of
swimming events etc anything that takes
place in a specialized arena like a
velodrome counts as well but just saying
and then there's sports that are just
not popular at all even like within the
Olympics the sports that they show like
no you might have missed it we did the
men's 190 kilometer marathon today and
here's the winners under the sports
merit is not measured in terms of its
popularity either in terms of what it
gives to the people who enjoy it you
know middle distance running not a great
spectator sport you do it yourself you
know you learn more about your body you
learn it's kind of meditation it's a
therapeutic sort of exercise that you
know if you don't get shin splints can
be almost downright Pleasant ping pong
great opportunity to make money off of
hustling people in your University quad
foosball same thing we almost got tags
there I still think we're gonna win but
it's been a little hard fought 9 damage
is good
very good in fact with five rate-of-fire
especially but we've been hamstrung
quite greatly by our inability to get
any form of deal with the devil I
basically only use void like black rune
from this point onwards which is maybe
not the right course of action
haki is going to be interesting in the
next Winter Olympics because I mean
maybe we're dating the episode at this
point but as of right now the NHL has
not agreed to send its players to the
Olympics so we might end up with like a
you know miracle and ice sort of
situation where we got like college kids
playing for Canada in the US or who
knows you know the players might choose
to forgo an NHL contract or like pay
whatever penalties are required to send
themselves to the Olympics beats me dude
normally you'd have like a training camp
almost at this point over the summer to
get people ready but or to get the
players ready I know people with a
little sports talk you know what screw
you by the way and I mean that in the
nicest way possible make sure you use a
twitch Prime subscription if you haven't
already but but if you're one of those
people who's like a sports ball don't do
that okay if you're mad at jocks I
understand okay it's not fair that in
high school you know football team gets
all the gifts all the money you know
gets all the funding gets all the glory
you're over here and you know reach for
the top trivia team wondering why you
can't eat can we get a new pencils for
the trivia team oh sorry can't afford it
we need to buy you know natty light
cases for the football team this is not
really a correct example but I dispute
that I was standing there but okay but
just get over it
you said it many times in the past on
this show but football is just an RPG
it's a strategy game
played by people who have leveled
themselves up physically in real life
let's go we even beat the odds I'm
amazed yeah we'll take black powder we
can afford to little scared sports and
games are the same thing sports are just
games you play with your body let's be
nice to one oh that's be the generation
that stops a sports ball and also stops
Dungeons & Dragons
I think we're if you're like the
generation behind mine like the younger
generation I think you guys are doing a
good job from what I can see anyway
certainly D&D was like still it was a
little stigmatized when I was in high
school I didn't know anybody that played
D&D that I know of because it was you
know you're like a closeted D&D player
cool what about matches the gathering we
might be able to break that stigma at
some point together if we work very hard
this run I'm shocking it up it's like
50% bad play because I think the play
has been okay and 50% like a suboptimal
seed what is this that's too many
enemies again like our stats are good
but we took damage at some very poor
times and it didn't quite get the tools
we need for success so as much as I'm
tempted to kind of avoid this we should
just grab it that's the that's the smart
money right there no doubt Jakub
now
what was I talking about before we went
off on this Sports tangent I don't know
doesn't matter okay help just frightened
people they always use them because what
do you see when you first start doing it
you know some of you do this some of you
don't some of you are watching the
videos because you find them
entertaining and some of them and that's
it and some of you are watching the
videos because you know you find it
entertaining but also in your mind you
Harbor a desire to do this one day as a
career which I encourage you to pursue
it as sensibly as you can you know if
you're like I'm going to drop out of
college to start my youtube channel I
wouldn't I would I would continue doing
whatever you're doing in college and
then do this on the side because nobody
knows how to make it big on YouTube you
know just sort of little dash of luck
good timing knowing people many
combinations with its lead to success
and often times they don't lead to
success but anyway this could be the end
of this run I just realised so we got to
be abundantly aware I forgot we're not
going the whole way so our odds of
success are actually quite high but if
you end up doing this as a career you
might have a face or a job at least you
might have a phase where you know people
go like you know lady what does anybody
watch anybody play videos of video games
on the internet when they could be
playing those video games themselves and
then you have a chip on your shoulder
you go little loader you play whether
you watch people play football when you
can play football yourself but I
actually don't think of what I do is
like a spectator sport
think of it more like a radio show or
something like that where you know you
found out there's no shortage of content
on the internet what you found hopefully
is like a host that you find
consistently somewhat enjoyable engaging
entertaining and you give it a shot no
matter what they play you know it's like
finding an actor or an actress you
really like it I really like Giovanni
Ribisi I'll see anything he's in a
million ways to die in the West what
could go wrong
really okay let's keep the cursor I mean
we we've won the run is the thing it's
all the more embarrassing that we are
having any losses when you remember that
every run only goes to moms hard to
begin with there's nothing wrong with
that chip on your shoulder as well
because I mean it's what you do it's
easy to get defensive but I just I don't
know I've been doing it so long when
people are like well would anybody want
someone play things on the internet
first off I go I sort of understand
where you're coming from I didn't
understand why for a while to begin with
until I found people that I enjoyed
watching and then secondly I go it's
also you know I'm paying my rent for
like the past six years so you know step
off whoo I don't know what does anybody
ever show up at a Bed Bath & Beyond
Janice but you let they allow you
assistant manage one allow you to
assistant manager one assistant to the
regional manager but good job
Millennials we're doing a good job of
killing these big-box stores I heard
that Buffalo Wild Wings is starting to
eat it thanks to us also department
stores Sears Canada just shut down or it
shuttered went bankrupt it's amazing I
don't mean that in a good way like a lot
of people lost their jobs careers that
they've held for like 30 or 40 years
it's just a sign of the times you walk
into a Sears sometimes you go what is
this like a physical Amazon it's like
someone took this website and made it
into a physical store what's up with
that
what a strange concept I could use a new
shoes myself and we could all use a
family portrait Usk
I think we've seen that one before
smelter the game just got harder the
book of sin fantastic
at least we succeeded once here thanks
for watching because enjoyed it if you
did click the like button helped set a
great deal of course subscribe if you
want to see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time